

下面是我的一些开源仓库，和我简单的一些描述，描述这个仓库是干嘛的，你帮我
    整理好到about.md中去，顺序可以调整成合适的顺序。然后描述你自己把握，不要太过于不专业就行
    然后给你的链接，你也进去大概看看这个项目，了解一下他们

LeetsGoAgain https://github.com/ffengc/LeetsGoAgain 力扣刷题记录和日记，
    日志啥的，都是一些代码和解题的思路

Sequence-Alignment-Machine 
    https://github.com/ffengc/Sequence-Alignment-Machine
    Final Project of USC "CSCI570 Analysis of Algorithms" 🚀
    这个项目你联网进去看看网页的内容吧，帮我整理个描述

rookie-cplusplus 
    https://github.com/ffengc/rookie-cplusplus
    STL Deep Dive: Handcrafted Implementations; Algorithms;
    这个仓库其实就是我深入理解STL学习STL的时候的仓库，里面手撕了非常多的
    STL容器，从vector到复杂的map和unordered_map之类的，还有算法库的学习
    具体你可以点开网页进去看看

NimbusBackup
    https://github.com/ffengc/NimbusBackup
    这个是个大项目，做云存储的
    Automatic cloud backup, automatically upload the files that need to be backed up in the specified directory on the computer to the server, and can be viewed and downloaded at any time through the browser. The download process on the web page supports breakpoint resumption, and the server will also manage the hot spots of the uploaded files, compress and store non-hot files (long-term no access) to save disk space.

rookie-csharp
    https://github.com/ffengc/rookie-csharp
    这个是我在学习csharp语法的时候整理的笔记，都是c#的一些简单语法

NLP-PoetryModels
    https://github.com/ffengc/NLP-PoetryModels
    一个简单的科研项目
    abstract:
    By delving deep into the poem generation model CharRNN, we experimented with three core modules: LSTM, RNN, and GRU, and introduced variants of the attention mechanism and bidirectional network structure. Experiments involved multiple datasets, including Chinese poems, English articles, Chinese song lyrics, Japanese articles, and Linux script languages, with the Chinese poem dataset utilizing all model variants, while other datasets were trained using only the LSTM model. The effects were tested using Tsinghua University's AI Institute's NLP and Society and Humanities Computing Research Center's BERT-CCPoem automatic evaluation system and manual scoring method. Results show that the basic LSTM and GRU models performed well in the poem generation task, while the introduced attention mechanism and bidirectional structure reduced training efficiency and increased loss, but did not show significant improvement in the quality of generated poems. The findings of this study provide new perspectives and empirical bases for the application of deep learning in the field of artistic creation.


Multiplexing-high-performance-IO-server
    https://github.com/ffengc/Multiplexing-high-performance-IO-server
    其实就是手撕了三种多路转接模型
    Here are three types of high-performance IO servers, implemented through multiplexing. They are select, poll, and epoll, respectively. The code implementation language is C/C++. The three servers inside can be combined with the HTTP server, Web server (multi threaded version, etc.), SystemV and other IO models in the BitCode repository to write servers with high IO performance.

Reactor-based-HyperWebServer
    https://github.com/ffengc/Reactor-based-HyperWebServer
    其实就是手撕了一个reactor服务器

Dual-Thread-Pool-Based-Pipeline-Communication-System-Framework
    https://github.com/ffengc/Dual-Thread-Pool-Based-Pipeline-Communication-System-Framework
    This project implements a pipeline communication system framework based on dual thread pools from scratch, which is essentially communication between processes.

    The specific implementation is as follows：

    For communication between the client and the server, the client randomly generates data, three producer threads (the number can be set through parameters), and one pipeline thread. After the producer thread produces the data, it pushes it to the client's buffer, waits for the pipeline thread to obtain it, and pushes it to the pipeline. The client data is sent to the server process through the pipeline. The server also has three (the number can be set by parameters) consumer threads, one pipeline thread. After the pipeline thread receives the data in the pipeline, it pushes it to the buffer maintained by the server. Distributed to consumer threads for consumption.
    Production and consumption proceed according to the law of negative exponential, and the parameter lambda is specified through the command line parameters of the two processes.
    Manually encapsulate mutex locks and lockGuard objects through RAII style to facilitate locking and unlocking, improve code readability, and improve decoupling. See ./Utils/lockGuard.hpp.
    The data generated by the producer needs to have process labels and thread labels, so the native thread pthread_t is manually encapsulated into a thread object, which can include thread information, thread name and other information to facilitate thread management and improve code readability. See ./Utils/thread.hpp.
    Encapsulate the log function ./Utils/Log.hpp to distinguish the log levels. Convenient for debugging and debugging.
    Encapsulate the core object of this project class thread_control. Essentially a thread pool. Both the client and the server can reuse the code of this object to manage the required threads and the function callbacks corresponding to the threads. At the same time, it can be implemented in one code to manage all mutex locks and mutex synchronization variables of all threads (client or server). **I think this object is the core of this project. It can avoid writing thread control logic separately in the client process and server process, so that the thread control logic is decoupled from the client and server. It greatly reduces the redundancy of the code and greatly improves the secondary development potential of the code. The specific core implementation can be seen in Figure 1 and the description in the first chapter of the article. See ./Utils/threadControl.hpp. **

STL-based-Deque-implementation
    https://github.com/ffengc/STL-based-Deque-implementation
    手撕，模拟实现STL的deque

